Update AWS account creation for contributors sop (#346)
ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central: docs/SOPs/dataset_wrangling_SOP.md

### AWS User for Contributors

> In order for a contributor to upload their data, they would need their own AWS user that is assigned to the hca-contirbutor group.

Reviewer: Please keep the part about opening a ticket using the "new contributor account" template.

Author: Ah, sorry, that was not intentional. I am going to put it back.

Author: Done

_**This is done by a team member with a developer role.**_

1. create an AWS user for them using the name part of their email address
  
```shell

> # to add user walter.white@example.com as a contributor

Reviewer: I would add explicitly that we use the email name as the account name, and give the example you provided.

Author: I refined it.

In order for a contributor to upload their data, they would need their own AWS user that is assigned to the hca-contirbutor group.

A request for an account should be files as [a new ticket](https://github.com/ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central/issues/new?assignees=&labels=operations&template=new-contributor-account.md&title=contributor+account+for%3A+%3Ccontributor-name%3E) for the ingest team. The board is monitored regularly so the new ticket would be picked up within the day.

_**This is done by a team member with a developer role.**_

1. Create an AWS user
   
   Use the name part of the email address for the account name.
  
```shell
# to add user walter.white@example.com as a contributor
aws iam create-user --user-name walter.white --tags Key=project,Value=hca Key=owner,Value=tburdett Key=service,Value=ait
aws iam add-user-to-group --group hca-contributor --user-name walter.white
# generate secrets 
aws iam create-access-key --user-name walter.white 
```

2. The developer need to send the generated access key in an email to the person (usually a wrangler) who requested the account for the contributor.  

### Data upload Procedure

_**This is done by a wrangler.**_ 

> 1. They got the created newly created AWS account access key from a developer (previous step). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Obtain the access key from a developer ([previous step](https://github.com/ebi-ait/hca-ebi-wrangler-central/blob/master/docs/SOPs/dataset_wrangling_SOP.md#aws-user-for-contributors))
```

> 2. Create an upload area using the guide: [how to create an upload area for the contributors using the hca-util tool]( https://github.com/ebi-ait/hca-documentation/wiki/How-to-administrate-upload-areas-and-transfer-data-using-hca-util)

Author: @amnonkhen No, it is the requesting wrangler, who is creating the upload area, not the contributor

> 2. Create an upload area using the guide: [how to create an upload area for the contributors using the hca-util tool]( https://github.com/ebi-ait/hca-documentation/wiki/How-to-administrate-upload-areas-and-transfer-data-using-hca-util)

Reviewer 2: Yep, we create the upload area (contributor keys don't have the proper permissions)

3. Get the UUID from the created upload area

> 4. These two sets of information need to be sent separately to the contributor to minimise the chance of them falling into the wrong hands and being misused.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Send these two sets of information separately to the contributor to minimise the chance of them falling into the wrong hands and being misused.
```
